# Content Moderation
Social Media platforms use content moderation to protect their users from both annoying posts and potentially harmful accounts. There are a variety of things that social media platforms will flag during their content moderation. As a user, you are also able to moderate the content that you want to see. If you have younger children who may look at your account, you may want to hide some social media accounts so that they cannot look at what they are posting. Other times, you may find that a social media account is impersonating someone else, trying to scam you, or just being annoying. There are a variety of features at your disposal that you can use to moderate the content you see. 
1. Muting: If one of your friends is posting way too much about her new makeup start-up (most likely a MLM scheme), but you don't want to unadd her as a friend, you can choose to mute the account. This will prevent her posts from showing up on your feed or timeline, but you are still able to view her account and posts if you go directly to her profile.
2. Reporting: If you notice there's an account that's offering you something that seems too good to be true, it probably is, go ahead and report the account so that it will be reviewed by the social media team to see when the account should be removed or not.
3. Blocking: If you are being harassed online or someone is posting content that you never want to see again, you are able to block the user. This feature means that you will no longer be able to find their account, and they will no longer be able to find yours. This is the best feature to use if someone has been making you uncomfortable or trying to get you to give them gift cards or money out of the blue. NEVER GIVE ANYONE GIFT CARDS OR MONEY OVER A SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM. You are unable to unblock people by going into your settings and clicking unblock, but be sure that you are ready to unblock the accounts before doing so. 

[Home](README.md)
