# Privacy
The internet is a scary place, and it's even scarier because everything that you post on the internet is permanent. So it's important to be mindful of what information you are sharing on the internet. Here are some tips to help keep your information private on the internet. 
1. Private Socials: As much as we love sharing pictures of our pets, family, travels, and other important information with our friends on social media. It's important to remember that sometimes, more people than just your close friends or family can see our posts. To limit who can see what you post, it is highly recommended that you make all of your social media accounts private so that you have more control over who you are letting view your posts
2. Avoid Posting Personal Details: When posting on social media, it's important to remember to think about what you are posting and how someone could use that information to hurt people. If you're posting about you're awesome vacation in Flordia, you are broadcasting to the world that you are not home and this information could be used to possibly break into your home. Sharing birthdates or names of family members can provide people with ill-intent details about your family that could potentially be used to harm them. As a general rule of thumb, think about what you're about to post on social media, and if you wouldn't want a stranger to know that information about you or your family, you shouldn't post it.
3. Messaging: If you decide to message someone on a social media platform, make sure that you have verified that the person you are messaging is the correct person and that they are in control of their account. If you receive a strange message from a person that doesn't seem like something they would say, try to contact the person another way. Similarly, If you notice your friends or family making strange posts, let that person know, and if they say that they have been hacked, report that account and do not interact with it.

